All right.
So this is the Mac installation instructions for getting a command line or terminal up and running on
your machine.
And it's actually going to be really quick because if you have a Mac you don't actually need to install
anything.
So let's go over to my Mac.
Here's all my top secret files on the desktop and out of the box.
All Macs actually come with a terminal so you can find it using command space to open up spotlight and
just type terminal and open that up.
And this is our terminal.
Here's might look a little bit different.
We'll obviously have some different information appear in here.
But this is at terminal out of the box.
You can spend time changing colors and fonts and all of that up in preferences.
I'm going to leave mine with a white background.
And this is a terminal so you can type something just typed in gibberish and hit enter.
We get an error because that's not a valid command.
But that's fine.
You can try running a valid command like allies or PWT which will cover in the next video.
And you should see something.
Again this is specific to my machine but you should see something at least.
Now I did mention that you can install an additional command line.
There's one called I'd term that a lot of people like to use it really just gives you some additional
functionality and also some additional choices when it comes to preferences and styling and colors and
all that.
So it's called I term can go to term to dot com and all you have to do is click on download.
So don't get caught up in this at this point.
But if you're someone who does like to customize things this allows you to do more customization than
the default out of the box terminal.
But you do not need to install it and in fact in this course I'm just going to use the plain old vanilla
terminal just to remove any possible confusion.
But a lot of my students the past have really liked I turned 2 and it's free of course and there's some
good documentation but all you need to do is download it and then open it up.
I have it here and it just gives me a window and I can do the exact same thing typing my commands and
make this bigger hit enter and I get the same result.
So just two different ways.
Two windows into the same exact thing.
All right so that's it.
Very simple installation video because well you don't really have to install anything.